well howdy there Internet people it's
bug on so tonight we're gonna talk about
the president we're going to talk about
varying responses and we're going to
talk about that old video so the
president gave his little whatever that
was today and he refused to lead still
he's still refusing to lead the country
he's trying to divert attention you
campaigned for the job sir
you're the focal point your decisions
your actions matter as much as it pains
most of us to admit it still trying to
divert attention trying to blame the
media trying to blame anybody but
himself refusing to take responsibility
saying that they did everything right
20,000 dead don't think he could have
done anything better said that nobody
was even talking about it back then back
in January back in February it's funny
because somebody brought up the first
video I did on this which was in January
by the way and if you go back and watch
it I'll put the link down there if you
go back and watch it you will find out
that it opens with we're gonna talk
about this because my inbox filled up my
inbox filled up because the media was
covering it that's just a lie
it's just something he made up because
he can't accept responsibility somebody
brought it up today asking me if I wish
I hadn't made it no no absolutely not
I'm glad I needed
yeah I mean I do say you know it's not
time to panic be calm all of that stuff
I don't see this as a doomsday it's not
doomsday it's bad it's a whole lot worse
than it had to be but if you go back and
watch that video what you will see is
that all of the stuff that they have
advised as far as washing your hands you
know sneezing or coughing into your the
crease of your arm keeping distance and
then some dramatic was the term I used
responses that this is all normal it's
all planned it's all part of the plans
that have been on the books for a really
long time in that ending go about your
top of your day do what you do and let
them do what they do they're good at
their jobs and I'm talking about the
people who respond to this I really wish
the President had seen it and followed
that advice because had he allowed the
experts to do their jobs we wouldn't be
here he's spending all of this time
trying to divert blame because he is to
blame his decisions caused this and his
decisions are prolonging it his failure
to lead is prolonging it it's making it
worse right now here in Florida you've
got one County enacting a curfew and
talk about requiring people to wear
masks not too far away you've got
another one talking about reopening the
beaches because there's no leadership
you know people expect Trump to take
action and yeah there's a whole bunch of
tools that are available to him the
truth is he doesn't need to use any of
them he didn't all he needed to do was
the one thing he loves get on TV and
talk
but instead of diverting blame in trying
to paint himself as the greatest and
trying to save the economy by
downplaying it he could have got on
there and said hey this is what we're
gonna have to do everybody is gonna have
to stay home
you don't need orders for that if the
President of the United States came out
and he was forthright with it and said
this is where we're headed this is what
we're gonna have to do this is what all
the experts are saying we're gonna have
to stay home you wouldn't have the
battle the partisan battle over whether
or not it's a hoax how bad is it because
there was leadership there was unified
leadership but he couldn't provide it he
didn't want to because he was worried
about the stock market instead of you he
was worried about those approval ratings
and there are people who say how the
economy is really important we do have
to worry about that yeah that's fine
understand that video was made in
January February had wishers shut down
voluntarily everybody just stayed at
home for a month the government sent out
checks to everybody sitting at home this
would be over you know what it's Trump
so let's go ahead and give him the curve
let's sit let's give him a long learning
curve and let's say he said it March
first we'd already be done the curve
everybody's worried about would be
stopped flat but it's not because we
have half measures we have partisan
bickering we don't have leadership and
that show that circus today shows we're
not going to get it that man is not a
leader he's not gonna be able to unify
this country and we need that we need
leadership we need somebody to set the
example not somebody to counter man
everything the experts say we should
probably wear masks well I'm not going
to wear one and you really should social
distance come here let me shake your
hand to prove that he's tough
I'd be real tough too if I had the
Secret Service checking everybody I came
in contact with it's an act just like
everything else with him it's an act if
you want leadership you're gonna have to
do it you're gonna have to make the
decisions because there are a whole
bunch of people right now who are
concerned about saving the economy and
in the process they're gonna make it
worse and they're not concerned about
you they're gonna say where you open you
have to decide whether or not that's
right because a lot of these people
making these decisions are in the pocket
of somebody they're not thinking about
you look at that Council you see any
experts on this on that Council no
because the decisions have already been
made they're gonna sacrifice you you are
expendable
you have to make the decision you have
to decide and we all have to do it as a
country it's going to be harder than you
think because the longer its
half-measures the more it travels you
know if County a walks down and does the
right thing everybody stays home
everybody decides to do that on their
own and the county next door is opening
the beaches doesn't matter it's going to
go on and on and on this is what
happened in the early 1900's there was
no unified leadership there was no plan
that people could get behind I would
suggest that most Americans are
concerned more about human life and if
you're concerned about the economy
understand the shortest path to getting
the economy back on track is everybody
staying home for a month everybody
it can't be piece mill it's got to be
everybody anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night